add project description (#17)
FACN8/Pre-course: week4/Project.md

# Build a JS Quiz

Your project for this week is to build a **one-page** JavaScript quiz. It might look similar to the one in the image below, but feel free to be creative.

## These user stories will help you build the app:

* As a player, I want to click on a button to start playing and see the first question.
* As a player, I want to see a multiple choice question with four possible answers.
* As a player, I want to choose an answer and to see it highlighted (colored, have its box checked, etc.).
* As a player, I want to click on a button to submit my answer and know whether it's the right one.
* As a player, I want to know how many questions I have left (e.g., 'Question 2/5'.
* As a player, I want to receive one point for each correct answer and see my results when the games ends.

> * As a player, I want to be able ti quit the game and return to the home screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a player, I want to be able to quit the game and return to the home screen.
```

> * As a player, I want to be able ti quit the game and return to the home screen.

Reviewer: To make it clear that this is a one page app, I'd suggest change this user story slightly:
```suggestion
* As a player, I want to be able to press a button to restart the game
```

> ## Requirements

Reviewer 2: Good looking CSS!
